hi it's chris KO game director for DC
Universe Online we're here in New York
for comic-con showing off character
create for the very first time this is
how you make your own hero or your own
villain and now you're getting the scoop
the story behind how it all came to be
so let's hop in and make ourselves a new
Legend or I will not be here see this
new future my work is not yet done I
must leave this earth who you playing
the exabytes and take destiny into your
own hands alright so here we are with
character creation but this is really
the beginning of your story right this
is not just hey I'm going to make a hero
out of nowhere this is how do you become
a legend in the DC Universe and it
begins with the story that was set up in
the movie right you have these exabytes
they have the powers from all the future
heroes and villains and what you're
actually doing is from the perspective
of the exabytes you're downloading
information to a new hero or villain you
were just a regular guy on the street
but now the exabytes have infected you
and you're actually gaining these powers
so character creates taken from the
position of that fiction and every
choice you make is about what powers
you're taking what looks you're going
for what kind of hero or villain you're
making so of course we start off with
the basics are you going to be male or
female and that just gives you no combat
choice but just a flavor choice for
which we'd like to have we also have
body type choice in here large medium or
sort of Robins extra small they're based
on what you want to do and who you want
to be we'll choose them sort of a status
thanks to my terms
configuration short end product is using
data from the earth 0 or villain so here
is where you make an interesting choice
and if you know what kind of DC
character you want to be like you can
choose inspired by because that gives
you sort of a quick character created so
if you want to be like Batman you want
to be like Catwoman you want to be like
seriously Deathstroke Lex Luthor this
basically gives you a preset it gives
you an appearance and it gives you the
powers movement all the rest that goes
into that given character so literally
two button presses two clicks of the
mouse you're in the game you're punching
people in the face you have your hero
you have your character or you can
choose this as a starting point and say
you know what I like Batman but I want
to be a villain take that change up the
morality change up some powers it gives
you a place to start in this case
fictionally you're getting the majority
of that download from that character
themselves of course a lot of people
want to make a custom character they
have that idea in their head and they're
like okay what are my choices so I was a
good guy or a bad guy which side are you
gonna choose
so you want to be comical you want to be
a little Jersey Shore going on there
right powerful is a normal sort of hero
primal or more serious as of course
Batman is and stand there that goes into
the emotes you have in the game and the
way you communicate other people think
now you also choose your mentor which is
also in the past we referred to as
origin but really we've tied it more
strongly into these characters so these
are sort of the buckets that heroes and
villains fall into Batman is the tech
mentor so if you use your own skills and
devices you choose him Superman is the
meta mentor so he is for people whose
abilities are inherent right you come
from another planet you have whatever it
is the changes are part of your own body
one woman is the mentor for magic and
sorcery or all of those sorts of things
how this impacts you is in two important
ways one it's the type of equipment you
ultimately can use right you use the
devices do you use the more meta things
or do you use magical implements then
again it's also your story because even
though the content is split between sort
of the hero or villains journey the
origin you choose also follows so in
this case work will choose Batman and
that means he's going to guide us
through the content he is actually going
to be his story will face his villains
his allies that sort of thing if you
chose Superman or Wonder Woman you'd see
the world from that perspective